fix(css): add more info to the ::part() page (#35509)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/_doublecolon_part/index.md

{{CSSRef}}

The **`::part`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [pseudo-element](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-elements) represents any element within a [shadow tree](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_components/Using_shadow_DOM) that has a matching [`part`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/part) attribute.

```css
custom-element::part(foo) {
  /* Styles to apply to the `foo` part */
}
```

## Descripton

The global [`part`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/part) attribute makes a shadow tree element visible to its parent DOM. The part names declared using the `part` attribute are used as the parameter of the `::part()` pseudo-element. In this way, you can apply CSS styles to elements in the shadow tree from outside of it.

> Part names are similar to CSS classes: multiple elements can have the same part name, and a single element can have multiple part names. All the part names used in `::part()` pseudo-element must be present in `part` value declared on the shadow tree element. Also order of the part name sin `::part()` doesn't matter, i.e. the selectors `::part(tab active)` and `::part(active tab)` are the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Part names are similar to CSS classes: multiple elements can have the same part name, and a single element can have multiple part names. All the part names used in `::part()` pseudo-element must be present in `part` value declared on the shadow tree element. Also order of the part name sin `::part()` doesn't matter, i.e., the selectors `::part(tab active)` and `::part(active tab)` are the same.
```

> Part names are similar to CSS classes: multiple elements can have the same part name, and a single element can have multiple part names. All the part names used in `::part()` pseudo-element must be present in `part` value declared on the shadow tree element. Also order of the part name sin `::part()` doesn't matter, i.e., the selectors `::part(tab active)` and `::part(active tab)` are the same.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Part names are similar to CSS classes: multiple elements can have the same part name, and a single element can have multiple part names. All part names used in `::part()` pseudo-element must be present in the `part` value declared on the shadow tree element but the order of the part names doesn't matter, i.e., the selectors `::part(tab active)` and `::part(active tab)` are the same.
```

> The `::part()` pseudo-element is only visible to the parent DOM. This means that when a shadow tree is nested, the parts are not visible to any ancestors other than the direct parent. The [exportparts](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/exportparts) attribute solves this limitation by explicitly exporting already defined `part` names.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `::part()` pseudo-element is only visible to the parent DOM. This means that when a shadow tree is nested, the parts are not visible to any ancestors other than the direct parent. The [`exportparts`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/exportparts) attribute solves this limitation by explicitly exporting already defined `part` names, making them globally stylable.
```

> [Pseudo-classes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) (such as `::part(label):hover`) can be appended to the `::part()` selector, but the [structural pseudo-classes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes#tree-structural_pseudo-classes) (such as `:empty`) or any other pseudo-classes that match based on tree information rather than local element information (such as `:last-child`) can not be appended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Pseudo-classes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) (such as `::part(label):hover`) can be appended to the `::part()` selector, but [structural pseudo-classes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes#tree-structural_pseudo-classes) that match based on tree information (such as `:empty`), rather than local element information (such as `:last-child`), cannot be appended.
```
both empty and last child are structural, so i think the comma-ing of the "local" part makes it clearer?

> Additional pseudo-elements, such as `::before`, can be appended to the `::part()` selector, but additional `::part()` element can't be appended. For example, `::part(confirm-button)::part(active)` never matches anything, i.e it is not the same as `::part(confirm-button active)`. This is because doing so would expose more structural information than is intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional pseudo-elements, such as `::before`, can be appended to the `::part()` selector, but additional `::part()` element can't be appended. For example, `::part(confirm-button)::part(active)` never matches anything, i.e, it is not the same as `::part(confirm-button active)`. This is because doing so would expose more structural information than is intended.
```
